at the French Open
last guy in the world he wants to lose
to his robin söderling of sweet old
phones they had a very contentious match
that lasted five days two years ago in
Wimbledon and söderling was making fun
of Nadal and mimicking him and they was
just a messy crazy match and they just
they don't have good words for each
other they played earlier this year in
Rome and the dog treated it like a final
and lost just one game to söderling
calmly a53 let's look back at this max
two years ago third round after the play
was resumed the doll was ready to serve
söderling was at his stillness chair
so when söderling finally got to the
court Ralph I held up the ball and then
there the mimic he talked about Barry
there was just uh just played in really
rough conditions lasted over five days
there were so many rain delays
true and this is a year where Feder was
already weighed through breathing
through his early rounds now in solder
liens defense in a Rafa have developed a
set of ticks this is for the match to be
over at Heat
I'll figure that look at that handshake
yeah warm what söderling does not have a
whole lot of friends on the tour and to
lean towards Nadal and